Add playwright emulation docs (#1935)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/_partials/_advanced-playwright.md

:::caution
A limitation on Sauce Labs exists with playwright 1.27.1 or below, where the user defined reporter is only honored when defined as an array: `reporter: [['./fancy.reporter.ts']]`. Using a string like `reporter: './fancy.reporter.ts'` would therefore always be ignored.
:::

## Emulation

> Playwright can test your app on any browser as well as emulate a real device such as a mobile phone or tablet. Check more details in [Playwright docs](https://playwright.dev/docs/emulation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Playwright you can test your app on any browser as well as emulate a real device such as a mobile phone or tablet. See the [Playwright docs](https://playwright.dev/docs/emulation) for more details.
```

:::note

> It is not a real Emulator or Simulator. Playwright just simulates the browser behavior such as `UseAgent`, `screenSize`, `viewport` and etc.

Reviewer 2: I guess this is `UserAgent` ?

```suggestion
It is not a real Emulator or Simulator. Playwright just simulates the browser behavior such as `userAgent`, `screenSize`, `viewport` and etc.
```

> It is not a real Emulator or Simulator. Playwright just simulates the browser behavior such as `userAgent`, `screenSize`, `viewport` and etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Playwright is not a real Emulator or Simulator. It just emulates the browser behavior such as `userAgent`, `screenSize`, `viewport` and etc.
```
